Multi Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Three Shadow Clones...?
What's that?!
What a...high pitched...Chakra!
What...are they?
What is that Jutsu?!
If I get hit with that...then I'm... definitely doomed.
Wind Style: Rasen Shuriken!
This is the end!
- Yes! - Yes!
I'll back him up, too!
No!
Don't get close to Naruto, or you'll also get caught!
So this is the power of the Nine-Tailed Fox's Jinchuriki...
A fitting Jutsu for a monster.
What?!
Damn--!
What...?
What? Did he win?
Failed...
Wind Style: Rasen Shuriken
Always the unpredictable Ninja. He did it again...
- Yamato! - Right!
I'll take your heart.
Damn!
Damn it!
Gee... Acting really tough...
That is so Naruto...
Since it was called Rasen Shuriken or whatever,
I thought you'd let it fly...
Do you have to actually run and punch?
Hey! When it hits the target, it causes some serious damage!
It's called the Rasen Shuriken, but...
you must hit at point-blank range.
That's why this Jutsu relies on Shadow Clones as a diversion.
The duration of this new Jutsu is too short.
It only lasted a couple seconds.
Exactly.
You'll never hit the target with that.
Not against someone like him.
That Nine-Tailed kid's Jutsu...
It seemed very powerful...
but I'll be safe as long as I keep my distance.
As long as I avoid close-range combat and watch the one using that Jutsu,
I have nothing to fear.
Please let me try one more time.
I'll finish him with my new Jutsu.
You're against that "Akatsuki"!
If you do the same thing, he'll just dodge it again!
If he detects our diversion, we're done for.
Let's fight him together...
That's true...
Our current situation, it's five against one.
There's no need to take chances.
So...what's their next move?
Kakashi Sensei...
Do you remember what you told me when I was training?
You said you believe I'm the only Shinobi
who can surpass the Fourth Hokage.
Naruto...
I know teamwork is important.
I also know that this is a very risky path.
Even so, I want to take this risk alone.
If I can't beat this, I'll never be able to grow up.
So please...
Please...
don't take this path away from me.
Yamato, what do you think?
Yeah...
You haven't even seen it yet, after all.
You haven't seen how he's a completely different Naruto now.
Then it's settled...
Shikamaru...
Pakkun! What was that?!
They're close!
This is a sorry state...
How dare you do this to me?!
Lord Jashin will punish you for this!
A greater judgment will be handed down by Jashin himself!
That doesn't scare me.
We believe in different things.
I believe in the Will of Fire.
But your god is not that stupid Jashin or anything.
Now...I will hand down judgment...
You jerk...!
I told you, judgment will be handed down to you by Lord Jashin!
And I will carry out that judgment! I only need teeth to take care of you!
I'll chew you up into little pieces!
We found you!
Reinforcements, huh? But you were just a bit too late...
Wh-What?!
Shikamaru... You defeated an Akatsuki by yourself?
You're more impressive than I thought.
I guess...
I just had to do this myself, no matter what.
That's right...
What's happening with the others?
We came straight here, so...
Let's rejoin them quickly.
Shikamaru!
Hey, are you okay? I'll heal you right now.
This is no big deal...
But...!
I don't like troublesome things that hurt my friends.
Let's hurry.
Yeah.
Guys, please be okay...
Go, Naruto.
Right!
That kid's going to attack again...?
Just to be safe, I should switch to a long-range attack style.
He didn't just change the shape of his body.
He's built up quite a bit of Chakra.
It's to counter Naruto's Jutsu.
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Here he comes...
It's ready!
He flew!
I can ignore the diversionary Shadow Clones behind me.
I just need to aim for the original.
I've nothing to fear if I can just smash that Jutsu...
No! He's reading him!
I knew he'd go with a long-range attack!
Naruto!
All right!
What?! That was a Shadow Clone?!
Huh?!
He mixed himself in with the diversionary Clones!
Eat this!
The blast is coming!
That was an extraordinary amount of attacks.
I couldn't even count them all with the Sharingan.
What a Jutsu...
- Awe... - Awesome.
Naruto...
You...
You...finally...
All right... I did it.
Shizune, did you notice that?
You mean Naruto, right?
Yes.
I wonder what it is.
I've seen various cases up until now.
But I've never seen anything like that.
What's happening with the body Kakashi brought back?
I have already sent it for an autopsy.
Tell the person in charge to give it top priority!
Next episode: "The Price of Power"
How're you guys doing?
This is what we're going to try today.
LET'S ALL TRY IT! SUMMONING JUTSU A summoning Jutsu.
Summoning Jutsu?
Yes! It's a space-time Jutsu
where you make a contract with an animal and summon them whenever you want.
You guys haven't made a contract with an animal yet,
so we'll just practice the seals today!
These are the seals you'll need...
Boar! Dog! Rooster! Monkey! Sheep!
Then you build up Chakra and slam your hand down
on the spot where you want to summon your animal.
It's important to do it correctly and not rush.
Now, let's all give it a try!
Okay. Boar! Dog! Rooster! Monkey! Sheep!
Slam your hand down.
Hi! I'm Pakkun. I rushed here since I was summoned!
- Ooh! - Awesome!
To succeed, all you need is patience, effort and training!
It's not like Naruto could summon the Chief Toad right from the start.
Train hard and master the Jutsu!
Okay, bye-bye!